Tpv switch note (#1982)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/bare/eu/usegalaxy/notices.md

<div class="alert" style="background: #f8b63e;">

#### **Maintenance: Dynamic job router switch**

The European Galaxy server will switch to a new job router, [Total Perspective Vortex](https://total-perspective-vortex.readthedocs.io/).
It helps us to keep resource management simple and in-sync with other usegalaxy.* instances.

> We have thoroughly tested our new setup. However, we cannot exclude the possibility that there may be temporary disruptions in job routing and that some jobs may not start. We will try to keep this time as short as possible and expect that these restrictions will be over by tomorrow. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.

Reviewer: You probably want a maintenance start date to make timing of this alert less critical?

Author: It starts immediately, should I write it there?

<div class="alert" style="background: #f8b63e;">

#### **Maintenance: Dynamic job router switch**

The European Galaxy server will switch to a new job router, [Total Perspective Vortex](https://total-perspective-vortex.readthedocs.io/).
It helps us to keep resource management simple and in-sync with other usegalaxy.* instances.

> We have thoroughly tested our new setup. However, we cannot exclude the possibility that there may be temporary disruptions in job routing and that some jobs may not start. We will try to keep this time as short as possible and expect that these restrictions will be over by tomorrow. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.

Author: ```suggestion
We have thoroughly tested our new setup. However, we cannot exclude the possibility that there may be temporary disruptions in job routing and that some jobs may not start.
```

Reviewer: Looks good to me, but I let you commit those :)

> The maintenance period starts today, May 3rd from 4 pm CEST and should last until tomorrow May 4th.

Author: ```suggestion
The switch is effective as of now, May 3rd 4 pm CEST, and we will try to resolve any issues from it as fast as possible and expect to be back to normal operation by tomorrow May 4th at the latest.
```

</div>

<div class="alert" style="background: #FFD500;">

#### **Peace to Ukraine!**

🇺🇦 The **[list of laboratories][ua-table]** that can host Ukrainian scientists can be found here. Galaxy Project has a number of positions at its EU and US sites. Contact us at **[ukraine@galaxyproject.org][ua-mail]** | Список **[лабораторій][ua-table]** які можуть прийняти українських науковців усіх рівнів доступний тут. Galaxy Project має відкриті вакансії у своīх європейських та американських осередках. Пишіть нам на **[ukraine@galaxyproject.org][ua-mail]** | **[Cписок лабораторий][ua-table]**, которые могут принять украинских ученых доступен здесь. Galaxy Project имеет открытые позиции на своих европейских и американских сайтах. Контактируйте нас используя **[ukraine@galaxyproject.org][ua-mail]** 🇺🇦

</div>

[ua-table]: https://bit.ly/ua-table
[ua-form]: https://bit.ly/ua-form

> [ua-mail]: mailto:ukraine@galaxyproject.org?subject="Galaxy-UA"

Reviewer: There's probably a way to just comment the block instead of removing it, but I'm not sure what would work exactly.

So general question: is there a good way to preview these announcements?

Reviewer 2: You need to build it locally.

Reviewer: Sure, but if I `make build` the hub pages, then where are the announcements? Or, how do I build the .eu homepage?

Author: here: https://galaxyproject.org/bare/eu/usegalaxy/main/?nonce=2805202#act-dont-criminalize
